what's up
silence is on thursday July 30 7 pm
brasília the wanted of conviviality i already have a glass
no problem and thank you there from my private part, you know for sure
first to god and then the medication that was given by the doctor in front of the
republic and it was hydroxychloroquine the next day I was fine it's already gone
coincidence or not I don't know but the onix minister worked the same thing
took the next day spent watching the education video also did the same thing the
milton and yesterday a news that marcos marcos had been positive i don't know the
that taking some things here is
and then he sent an astronaut to act that he takes I don’t know what he’s taking but if it’s
I'm already here he will say there for you too so it worked with me
coincidence or I do not recommend that you look for a doctor to make the decision of what
you want to take it has no scientific proof it doesn’t but it also doesn’t
saying that there is no repetition is in doubt and those who have no alternative
and those who have no alternative do not stay there, talking saying something
that you don't know without a doctor in Brazil all that touch I recommend another no
recommend is the right in the doctor understood that use that question I
and from the recipe of dave, right out of the donkey, another ash arrived with a commitment to
you I want a problem not so far because I make mistakes too right I will not occupy
my advice but then she regrets what happened in the light of May 20 today
now there are the excuses of journalist bianca santana what made the difference
several fake news reports and I told her it wasn’t hers had her name there
below a team on my part and the title was pt has a problem with the bar
I'm not from the journalist Bianca Santana I'm sorry, Bianca
santana the executive for some even already sent already take all wide of the air of
our part here he has no problem and apologize when it happens and
journalist is also the street quite know that much to see the news arrives
closing the newspaper the next day happens
that's it the good life then a thousand apologies again the
journalist Bianca Santana here because here I go here
a sound kiss is doing this if you have the goat's face of the foot plague the
again this one from rio de janeiro your parents don't give anymore, not also my mother
Portuguese I knew it is important this mouth is right then you need
here will be your break I will cut the plaster here also do not accept pounds
thanks again you already had one see you today i had a trip to the northeast
a group of parliamentarians if it takes place in são raimundo nonato in
piauí and campo alegre de lourdes right in campo alegre the mayor of even the pc in
wind part of the body of brazil was very well received by him together our
minister marine rogério and we inaugurated there is piped water so
not only is this municipality right, but it is also
the last one doesn’t have what I do anymore, the municipality there, which was in the
table doctor from campo alegre de lourdes the water for 40 thousand people than that
see in that place then you who walk to the northeast come there
the northeastern ok the other works also what we have here in the southeastern region
right and another region of brazil and great northeast makes running water is just the
come by kite car and when God sends the rain, right? So we are working
there are almost 20 thousand works from brazil by the devolver and ronaldo ministry
and the marine in some of these places is visiting and opening and we
see how it was put on my facebook I put two videos one more night
preservative, you know, I suffered from that pros brothers there, I forgot in the Northeast region
bahia is doing work is selected including sectional mdr
when he was chosen in I talked to him he said I want freedom have a
program to the northeast for this one I want our our poor resource for
you also need it, right, I need it from time to time, right for us and the mother who is looking for
meet as much as possible until many people wonder why they are not
making more or less money that I had in the past is that it is made the
commissure is thank god we have 23 ministers there with no problems we had
I’m going in the past but not even corruption and we’re going to pass it looks like your
obligation for us, right, the web studio doesn’t take action
happen on the other until the name ministry you get object need on behalf of
mexico ports airports with dura o do bento mexico presence by hydroelectric dams
there is more cement therein oil things energy can generation cause of
polo 10 also this 4 is the onix also citizenship thats
huge can be anything like that planet and i'm sure if one happens
problem we are going to fix it will take there the responsibility to fix us
we are doing our best so go campo alegre de lourdes the governor the
mayor of pc do b treated me very well talking chatting a play
a little so the sidings on the side there the people could not see us I stayed in
the outside people can boil us but we did it is a prayer over there from the water
trapped in who would say, right, doing something to get nothing out of the total, the two of them
municipalities 40 thousand people so for those who never had it lived in a pita car
shouldn't it be collected water and rain when it rained is really an exceptional thing
and we see in the faces of those people
what we can do to make a difference praises the brazilian parliament i know that
some about criticizing because of that happens right by the parliament too
a lot has come back and puts it there starting to engage parliament
only thing that interests us where provisional four times were approved the
we hope that the measure for using football will be voted on and with all certainty
approved by the non-expiry is so that we can collaborate a lot with the
football in brazil calls it a measure of freedom and football wanted to speak a
thing to say to you will work ours you play ball I'm trying here
of playing the god i will sell the too
also here the and and I had a demonstration by the people in
region of the xingu river beans right br-230 that connects altamira anapú the people who are
a bridge there is logical that you do the thing that is present with the budget
what is your idea to start attending this I know the popular not only the
people are seeing their own as our us truckers brothers teeth only
determined that we take action, in fact we already have
we projects ready our idea is to solve the bidding problem more
quick as possible to make a bridge there that the population that needs in br-230
that by the way we are paving in the transamazonian tava missing this year the
people will deliver another 112 km of asphalt nothing just go there come on that has
that represents and we will have a bridge there with more than 700 meters of span
debut from 400 meters more or less 250 million reais of investment and she
will be part of our pro Brazil we will put there in
make this source feasible here the delay a little personal has a license
There are a lot of things to be done, right?
china and 10 days staff makes a field hospital there it takes so here lets
very clear from here 10 times to see if the first phase one year we are
wanting to anticipate this there for us we will still give good surprises
talking to this thing until 22 is ready is good
the captain said not to speak O and now more government capital
I think I'm sure you can see
and then the capital's hair doesn't have the lookout
four moods doesn’t have capital for you, right
and yeah come on so here okay wanna talk to you listen to today he
commitment I made here where's the young girl's personal video son has already started to
ask the young pan guys there thanks for the audience first
thanks there augusto nunes zé maria if you use victor degree will rule thanks there
is that difference right and manuela already asks so here three
questions need a surprise that you told me to be late there we entered that
consortium abroad will work and 100 million units will arrive
for us it's not that other country not any song is by oxford is ok
you can have one against a video until then, you don’t need vaco, I’m already healed
and what do you have now with the region of angra dos Reis that has to speak to us
about water airport we are going to make an important investment there in
creek airport we will make an extension of the runway you almost 300 meters
of enlargement two prayers right they are has a safety distance how to say
so at the two headlands we will make another parking lot of
aircraft this will be the first phase of investments in it by dianna agron
a second phase where we are also going to do the refurbishment of the terminal
passengers let's take a new passenger terminal pro we could kings
important equipment and what are you going to provide as a gift instead of us
operate only with executive aviation aircraft, in small companies we will
start operating with atr-42 and we can take more passengers there to
me of kings to hear that paradise that is mine on I go there that
impresses i'm on the tree red sole look at a fantastic thing creek
of the kings has a problem, right, the hair on that road over there
the radar of 40 per hour when the contract ends, obliged to comply
and what depends on me you have a legal obligation to have 2900 radars
of Brazil depends on us we will have much less almost zero right
and it is because it really is to get from são paulo to there or from the river to there is the sea
it is a pain to wake up from a radar of 40 per hour, absurd that what they did in the
Brazil in the past is in this area will have another problem book is the mayor
joão is using it until he is from it since when he is halfway along with me it was
demarcated there there are two environments here in that region there of the admirals over there
the bento there the rock here after marked in the ecological station of tamoios
the 29 geographic ones is that in the radius of 1 km you can have any activity
human if you are drowning do not go to the island there to the high seas that you
go there I’m gonna bust it with you, there’s nothing there as a result, if you’re talking
in inspection you have no way to inspect quantity of area of
environmental protection in brazil the amount of indigenous lands etc etc
sector our idea may have the parliament who gave
the 88 89 level decree of macro ecological station bad and for you I will
guarding a house has to be crazy not that we intend depends on the parliament
willing is done makes the case of brazil has a bill considering
that several interest in the garbage because he gave up the toilet I have
Gil's commitment to the shirt an offer of a billion elderly people outside Brazil
to invest there at zero cost with us so go there our tourist will talk about
go out to it too, right, since you manage to approve this bill, right?
revoking the decree that demarcated the tamoios ecological station and tourism
he goes he is good go until this moment of crisis in the world all over man because of
pandemic can be sure that at that time it would go that it was very extensive
hundreds of islands and wonderful beaches and a lot of people from Brazil over there in this
it is not to eat so far here so leopoldo
the resource of those with resources from the national civil aviation fund recognition
federal and has good news for creek also that is next year is bidding
the new concession on the Presidente dutra highway is not going to be an innovative concept
and from that conception we have the duplication of rio de janeiro to angra dos reis a
initial idea was not ours when you go to visit you present the basics the
on the other hand a counterpart etc. we will no longer have the same toll plaza in the
dutra no toll delay over four but nowadays is we are
no new ones were just the ones that have a beer, right?
toll between creek between between round turn bar soft and round turn for
resende and also wanted guarulhos ok o and talked to the fabric at the time and
he told me he was going to put the toll going to sleep the amount for
lead principle decreases at the start of the bidding by twenty per
cent only that I have a chance to advance in the bidding but 17:30
In other words, everything leads us to believe that we will have a 30 million investment with 37.5
percent less details and that road concession happiness
there was a problem with it here, it also decreased the toll amount a lot, you know?
so I had a lot of fat what happened to people putting
always put the toll quite obese and getting too expensive is not punishment for that
that your passenger car for freight I press the freight in the part there
i am market increases the and is the commodity so
and you're a little married to ju santos so she can be sure that the
people there from de mangaratiba angra dos reis
in paraty and you will be very happy with it, right?
we managed to pass this project on until no one wants to hit it even at
love of god i'm sure that area being of tourist interest to
the pleasure a company will be with him by sandro and by the skeleton in the hotel
abandoned if you're going to see currently here is to do anything
hello i'm cheap wood strip take it strip it see there will be news you are
actually the guy puts a bomb in there to catch something that will end
because the responsibility for maintaining the ecosystem for that entire region is more
silk will be the company that will explore for example a hotel on the island of samba and
like that and even more he there at the dentist is the boa, a very small island of breu
that one wants to know something, look, there's only one house here, get it, try to talk
your house, right, to be a newspaper that said it was worth
10 million reais there in the historic village of mambucaba is not because it is offered by
a million nobody wanted a contract worth 10 I need to buy it for me I have more
or less 25 years 20 years for that furniture there is now look at the beach half
from the beach at my house to david only at dawn i think it’s just that he did it with
saffron naval college the two of you must know the car just by going there with
all certain, you know, there is a going ahead but still cotton it is less than a thousand
meters from the beach so half the test cannot be used so it is common
christmas carnival now a new holy week september 7 full of people
there i will kick 3 thousand people in addition to the expected super holidays there
put what is a poorly done project to the touch of
the box is reserving the huge sea as an ecological station and this has to be
visa is not for you believed in that it was coast I'm in the main bay of 40
km of the same thing there in jureia in the region of the mouth of the river ribeira de iguape in that
I also see the same thing cannot continue like this because it does not preserve anything
and we lost a lot of resources with tourism soon the photo of the river which I
apolo was doing there ok is to be a weekend to stay from Friday to
night comes out to die went away sunday night catch the stolen resume catches
o the little boat there with aluminum motor of 15 and is pulling and catches a lot of stealing
there line of barely give a kilo okay I'm going to there is left over stolen
that region wants to do with this with the juréia collection almost got
impaired in this collection hello guys I promised to bring tarcísio
here to tell you about railroad tools are ready that the third
drawing week three this week the tcu approved the early renewal of the
concession contracts for vale sa railroad carajás to practice
territory lies and we brought something very innovative that was approved
by tcu in the vote the brilliant of the beginning plants which is the cross investment to
first time being made in brazil what is it we wear used
evaluated instead of paying grant for the treasure at will before she goes
build railways for us so she does the work there takes the risk of engineering
in the end that union railroad and what we are going to do when the
work is ready we will grant this to the private aunt like it would be a
new antonio garcia we will build a railroad without using treasury resources
victor rich's day after he attacked face to a large extent must bring to us can
staying there is the same thing an environmental fine
the emergency appealed is that something be applied directly to redo
that damage that gave rise to the fine is hi grandma I don't think you know here
our north-south railway the forecast is to stay there starts in maranhão goes through
tocantins goiás and dies in the port of santos the total must be excused some
thousands here we only 2009/2010 that part that was missing there but in the core in
center 1537 that we lack the street almost 1,500 desert is ready by the time the
people take linense maybe the first operation we will already do in december
so for example let's go there also to predict fat there is Brazil I'm going to Brazil
entering the tracks and that's it just so you have an idea president not in this
Vale's contract extension we will make 17 billion reais and
investment terrorism everything private the valley is going to make an investment let's
start 55 Brazilian municipalities with works we will generate 65 thousand jobs and then
the stretch of cariacica anchieta will be born there in Espírito Santo
the central-west integration railway and will connect the araguaia valley in the bush
the north-south railroad hello people make four 10 15 million tons of
in a short time and in a very short time we will also connect the railroad of
central-west integration the west-east integration railway so we're going to
leave mato grosso and we will reach the bay until the port of islet by rail
what the gauge of this railroad is about 20 to 1.6 gauge wide impotence can
so that's why you are able to make the two-story car, right?
working and people will see this in the north-south will start to see that the
people call it double tech it's just those wagons and containing stacked and already start
to do with has stacked out there in são paulo I came from paraná for example to
goiás going to mato grosso or refrigerated cargo is general cargo or
be a good part of the box that is consumed in this state until now in brasília my
people are going to start bringing container meat in são paulo the grains of
central-west region grows there in mato grosso
the game is no longer goiás mato grosso tocantins and north now
there will be cheaper for us we will have an increase in offers will reduce
this tariff reduction will hit there at 25 thirty percent volume twelve
percent in the first semester moving we will a record year of
loss injury handling here folks we
and what is a problem I want Brazil going forward I want to talk about
past what happens here there hello everything i talk to my vinícius let's
strive to spend energy going forward there is something wrong so I like
almost everything that is local there was something wrong there, not from the federal government
almost everything that is a place also has to play it changes people and touches the boat and
we’re taking Brazil out of the other mistake of ours you’re listening to more
represent hitting deco month by month money layout that will looks like
but it produces agribusiness did not speak did not stop the number of deaths was there
underneath didn’t stop it worked after all if we stop to think about the city
the truckers also didn’t stop the band from São Paulo that goes from São Paulo
the third in the paulista connection that goes from the border of the state of mato grosso to the
porto de santos we have a main trunk agent in the extension ok
putting six billion reais of private investment there we will double
capacity of the paulista network we will leave a 35 million ton railway
for 75 million tons 25 years and a short time that will reach 105 110
million recovering the panorama extension recovering is the most important
putting more more grains more general cargo to get to the holy post but
containing stacked ie more cargo being very half connection with the region
south will also have a connection with the south region we will recover there malhassul
trunk south joão connecting the port of rio grande to the terminal of sumaré são
paulo the railway abandoned in the past is the having been the capital of the water army
engineering ah because he made one and he gave me a contest
to camera a is then that the boss in slang for my
head security and who I think is iron in Brazil occurred configures
man so next week is is basically it would be pariquera-açu
in miracatu I like recording the line passing
there will also not die golden for jaqueline eldorado here already had the
war shooting society are bridges are being built ok give me back
for him to pass there tapiraí I already talked to the sergeant of the image of the pm who answered
there the chase he hit the phone in my face that everyone and the phone already
I told him that passing by I will buy him coffee for him then he is
but for the second time I saw it on television is little your governor são paulo
your excellence dora is nothing to do with my going there but would lower the
decree is transforming for a while you for how long the red mara the
brook vase in this it happens and you thank you again is so postpone my
going the sides of it i know that the mayor of pariquera has already done it at an event there
in the whole security not physical security second bridge live for us the same
thing that the already uncle of war eldorado the region of batatal itaoca of the same thing
but I suffer from the republic more as there is no emergency for me right I will
to be obliged to postponed, he said he was going to invite joão dora on my trip
there in the half glass are invited and today now come with me so wherever I go
I speak your case of the word without any problem has no
and the politician with me is not invited there after all is ours
politicians don't know if you will ever be
someone help you your day here look the guy goes to you he went to the egg
you know what happens want to ask the people and as I said at the beginning
the time to do it a while ago, right, who doesn't want to be receiving it from the population
don't apply and stay at home so despite you pray them respectfully when i
I speak custody of your excellency 'invited there with me in these places as
is also expected I hope you interpreted in the red right the husband are
vicente with deputy rosana valle on top of a razor that alerted us to
last year about the problem of the san vicente bridge that his bridge was
recruiter in our region at the last moment by the Canute minister resolving
the question of the bridge the rosana also goes after and the tancredo neves ensemble
I found saints saints saints a thousand to be worked on a long time in this 1120
real estate maria talking to your reactivate going out gives you pass there see
the progress of the works and this is our life there and politics, right?
looking for tv using acid may have been one more thing i'm going to travel
i think there is an interrogated revolution going on in president
good and we will double the participation of the railway mode in the transport matrix
and it's so dictating I know whose past it was he prize a lever is a point
of support that I will see I change in here and I speak now I will give here
now tarciso tarciso a steel bar and the pot he makes a young pan young
pan 13.000 from brazil 19/10000 my facebook 33.000 1
the question here by the app here you answered happening is
the concept and when on his screen is
hi good night president 'good night vinicius i would like to know if you screwed
in brasília hi i would like to know what size she
came to have itaú
and then I would like you to specify which are
the plans for the transport of good thanks there augusto pleasure ok
speaking to you the railway network it had a great boost from 1854 1913 and the
in 1913, we hit 36,000 km of railroads in Brazil and from there
started until the demobilization of these railroads we reached around 28 thousand
more operational km even about 14 km we will do another four thousand km of
railroad will arrive 32 thousand km now with a great north-south axis that will be of
itaqui to saints that the railroad in sugar and in the bidding process we have already granted
past 2.8 billion of investment we are making a major east-west axis
will start there in good water in Mato Grosso by the video integration of
center-west to mara rosa goiás and then connecting figueirópolis in the
tocantins or mara rosa alike i'm not studying this until the color of islets in
bahia right then a great me and the first segment we already said
a detail to the bids of the west-east integration railway a railway of
almost 1,000 km is going to be the dog iron we are discussing with investors
12 interested groups looking for us we are very happy with it so
from sinop to miritituba in addition to the extension of the paulista network
repotencialização of malhassul is a new bidding for malhoeste the resumption of
of the transnordestine railway works gives a great railway revolution that is
backrest we will have the extension of the one made by mrs and will have the first
medium-speed passenger train experiences are trains of 180
kilometers per hour 160 180 km per hour with the transposition of the mrs line and the
freight train conflict elimination with passenger train today the freight train
shares the line for cptm there in são paulo we will have two lines
released with the passenger train and this will make the intercity train feasible
that will connect americana campinas são paulo augusto cury
today I’m going to talk about the region there, from the ribeira valley to a railroad there
the decade that was abandoned was born there Santos is that region of 70 km of
the beach over there is a Peruvian juquiá jacupiranga record and ended in cajati it's just
asks to see with the present son of the region to reactivate the resource well everything
we don't have to go logic to see if there was time to see economic viability the
cost-benefit, right, because I already had a mining theme there, and the great
production on the river side the base we use the banana so I talked to the
entrepreneur in that area and he spoke for the moment that there was no interest in having me
seen in having returns is maybe someone like me always talks about you
nowadays my idea of ​​entering the ribeira valley was also to start
making the trip did not reach my record for example
and we see over the 210 river more or less pass there seven
bars and eldorado and then when it was one forward a little bit send more
about 30 40 correct in a nearby area of ​​iporanga right people the cave of the devil
film that region which shows how wonderful the rio ribeira de iguape is
what is a potential for huge tourist I have already contacted
navy commander to address this issue i will say that now is has
country that you can get it for example your jet ski nautical bike in the
time you sign a term of responsibility has no difficulty in
learn to drive that will have the path that then tourism objects kilos
ribeira valley would be sectional with her such we are talking to maria she
stumbled upon the captaincy of the ports that deals with this subject, right to have this
subject and it can make the bureaucracy a lot less bureaucratic
habilitation if you are very clear here for you and the
tourism would only have done there all around but the river place is
sensational you what is only from são paulo there is a way that is in the garage home
right, get there now and register seven bars and eldorado you
want qualification that I already enrolled ok it's fine give a voice and those that do not
received you will fall in love a transparent liquid water maria thing
it’s fast and fast, you know, because sometimes there’s no rain there
phenomenal you can do in the valley of the riverside that I have a gesture here and I
I even want to see if I can get the navy to understand here that this
it is feasible it is possible we will enhance jet ski tourism at da
region of the ribeirão valley is only and not poranga but it could have a ribeira right
if you are not going badly from paraná because whatsapp has no water anymore
ticket is very small but I believe that even the river will have a point, you have to
go down on a daily basis, pull a rope there, because the river stays alive, the name drops
maternal give a spanish day of divaldo then you will have to a project that the thing
more beautiful than god gives you 3 years or so with the ghost
look and here beside me here the plague goat here you think you are this fat man
here here and we go there entering the bar of the taquari river something
also wonderful there in the region of the battalion of eldorado had a
break crossing and with you the non-deputy jet ski that I only used
recognizing you in the region and a bride crossing the entire screen
deputy impatience is taking too long to cross the river to marry another
since the fear of surgery right and I say the day I’m president will do
a bridge here and the bridge is viable there was a request from residents and the presence of the
mayor of the region also arrived at the regional moment ministry was done
study are worth the investment it has seen that it has to be transported
squad region was positive and we will go there now I hope to find
this outfit has returned to your profile for three years, even against
hi and we will make you think of each barbecue there in the batatal there it is
decided eldorado paulista there is cool is not
yes for sure god will have to be asked her another question there thank you
to consumerism and hi bianca uses ok
no it was not so
the option hi uncle
the minister of the area fell pure in the city
is because it uses thanks for the question is to kill a president who is intolerant
with completely tolerant corruption give us a lot of freedom to stop
arrange the ministry we like technicians in all the trees and we create
some that it is innovative that the undersecretary of integrity and
Accordingly, we mobilized this undersecretary with federal police officers and I
i have two federal police delegates working with me delegate fernanda
heads the undersecretary she gives us built standards of integrity standards
of risk management we created the selection process for managers to
choice of managers all managers are also analyzed by
this undersecretary and it is this professionalism that has ensured that the
people to deliver the results within the government line, which is a
zero tolerance line with corruption if my tire doesn’t know if the
yours is a change in our government the
criterion of choice of vinícius then accompanying done in the past gave margin
for this kind of business day nowadays, right, how was it chosen?
tell us here because it was he I took my lord for some friends for
jorge major victor hugo are people of personal relationship right and we have
the control of conversing presenting a little bit of the trajectory sir is crazy the
enough to type we went at the time there was no negotiation let's talk
I loved doing it that way, right and at the time of the one who killed everyone because
heart of love at first sight and then it came to be quickly I
I saw it formed there how much is the engineering situation there that I am per second
then did the hymn and after I use some very difficult you did three years
even 44 years ago and after he took a vacancy for a position some had two
vacancies in the chamber held a contest and you also joined there for a while
to eat the transport agriculture commission of the council that participated
we advised on personalization transport we started the return for you
learn it we have the intelligence person learn the quickly that
it is not all that and then she was invited and accepted and ok
doing your job is thank god alright thank you saw that question
but the combat with the guys starts at v 0 at the first start you start askew
the government was not easy our government how to do it was not easy right
and I don’t remember I don’t comment I like it in a personal way right but it wasn’t
easy for you to form the government in this way, you know, putting people there who
presented a previous life and knowledge to do that beauty
nowadays some are feeling there I see you still playing with you too
then the day of the cancer is going well or not in health, it has to be replaced by
a doctor cannot have malice that the first doctor there is a disgrace that the
first trip second was very fast o the boys there from the second the minister already
it was very fast thinking only about nothing came out to talk about it I have
to thank the collaboration that gave us the take inside for a short period of time
paulista time I can not manager he had
and managing here 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro exceptional work if it is not
he there with his team was not going to leave which is the business is political interests is that
I’m anywhere afterwards he was there in a coincidence he didn’t organize
operation welcomed the Venezuelans that you arrive en masse right back in
dropper and I was very happy with it but hard help deepened there in
venezuela i just run away mass here he managed this collection and he more
it was at that time that the elections were the beginning of the following year of 2018 for
2019 he was the intervenor in the area of ​​economics from the state of rolé did not
there’s work and he’s doing it now in this channel work is up to the week
I saw in the video here that out of the 27 states of the federation 17, right?
green pose the work of the patron he has
really any request right away is his and has met almost
everything not only means means right some mayor prevented hydroxychloroquine
for him has quickly made getting there after all do a technical study
the feasibility of this so it’s working now I have up to the
a note there is just another five thousand employees observation that in
Brasilia I'm going to 15 soldiers who there is his team it was a coincidence it was
military like I will choose the visa so we can cool because this is the pro
another captain everything is to be but at the time he appeared ok he is right and I don't
let's see now the person has to see if they are all wrong
and then it’s okay, it doesn’t matter if the guy qualifies for peace.
whether the guy has to put the house on and hate it or give a place for another one, okay then
the collection of freedom as well as sometimes appears in the corner right
discuss something just remembering that I make any minister here the
complete plug in the corner there, the bug catches, right, just the two of us alone, right and
we can get it right, he can really have names that don't have the ministry
it's huge, right, like 99 is that there is a failure to indicate people, people already
had seen the past we exchange it there and solve it sometimes I lose it from below
also current I put it right but like everyone really this freedom that I
I gave it to him not to see people and touch objects
if another question comes up who wants to photograph but I'm good night
Your work is very well evaluated among the population, including whenever
somebody praise the government and the team of ministers of president jair bolsonaro
soon the name of the lord is remembered always mention the minister tarcísio as
deficiency symbol of good management of the president team wanted to know the
if you think about it, you think about the possibility of political candidacy for
see running for any office whatever he is deputy senator councilor
mayor at last some position you can reef but in the head minister
and the victor does not pass I didn’t see you want to double with her it can’t even tempting
but but here's the thing is who i was before the bolsonaro government nobody then
president bolsonaro opened the door for me and gave me the opportunity to be doing that
I like who structure gave me the freedom to assemble a team and here I must
everything that is being done on instagram consultant has a very
very competent professional of engaged people who are motivated who love what
do and want to solve the problem that is hurting in Brazil so here what is the
our focus but focuses on delivering the highway delivering the railroad through the port
decrease the cost in brazil improve the quality of service the citizen and us
you are just grateful to the official president and it's cool as hell you
technician and okay so I avoid it now come on his salary is practically equal to
my 33 thousand a month I'm not complaining not even enjoyed the universe nothing at all the arm
here you hi here is the meeting to warn you now
I'm going to ask that I need to answer, answer the initiative
private I think that offers may come to offer 100205 month a contract for a
extremely rewarding work on the financial side wants to answer not receiving
a message from the truck driver three o'clock in the morning saying that we solved the problem
his problem if he fixed it a road it’s free is priceless
after that when you talk about my life, right
and look just saw it was to be discussing pleasure with raised axis not pay
toll and do not have to pay for what was done
in past contracts, I would charge for the milk raised in the cup
that's the question of fines and the balance also reached 10 million value for
rain is this yes it was 5,500 passed so you wonder if you will put five
million a trucker that guy is not going to pay that fine because he is going to have
deciding beans and rice for your family is a fine so it will be
seen as someone who is on the margins of the law has reduced it, he just likes it a lot
assembled brazil right she also seeing everything we did not want to do the weighing weighing with
things are also talking creative here you can't get out of the middle of a
time to time you take rio-santos 40 per hour there is no place for the place of
mount 40 forró has place the desert lica you spend 40 for us if
coubesse will be assaulted how do you have to respect the fantastic folks
that installs that right and then republic is little is put and then there
the value of the fine over there goes somewhere I don't want to receive money from fines
and straight now you get 31 is a gps from here glitter with you right for
of life I know what it is total looks suspicious caught the highway police
The federal government is doing very well here at the hospital.
I found there in the region there from raimundo nonato são raimundo no zap
what a coincidence ok victor brown of opened the score coincidence said look
as it was for three apprehension of and then
and press already started to put out operations
coincidence and I ask people understand here my
speaking limit I don't want a problem I want a solution
well then there is more there is also the law of the high beacon I think I
my aide, right, I didn't go, I have to take my mother from Rio de Janeiro, okay?
region of the ribeira valley and on the ayrton sena highway got a ticket for a lighthouse
off right I went you disappeared the present happened I have 70 lit
I paid the fine I can for his wallet okay we did something there with him
it was driving it was me, but it is a law that allows them to change
and you have to have that question for example if you agree with this pain
no beacon lit okay because they are coming out with factory devices
right I think that a person we have to use on top again right then there are
a lot in traffic that took away the simulator business bringing to
driver's license we make it optional it only has to do only that thing that
is I think it decreases the value of the portfolio at the social level the chamber approved the
project was a project done by the tarsis request, he did it for example, he is up to 65 years old
old is worth for ten years driver's license she had 50 over there
in the senate and today the sealers with me the senator
ciro nogueira the human error federal deputy was the staff here in bahia
it also helps me to remember here only on the screen and we talked about going out I said
I told the Ciro Walnut, I would like it to be 65 here we
we decided at the time there I’m going to kill the 50, which is already a gain and next year
you can tighten the experimentation project for only one year, right
meti represents the project move to 65 of culture
and also like this
and it's you 95/95 that thing 51 because it is here look
you don’t see why not 65 because 50 but he had everyone every
instead of every five years you pretty much spend a day doing is
easy to make a day in addition to spending money but you will get married one day and ten
years is right then your soul to the sadness in the air extremely important
look what happened and there in the meter it was practically
ready there we are devising two programs where simplification of the rules
transit system, a review of the rules of the contract and another, a simplification of
program aviation standards even has a name will be called Islamic is the project
thick that the victor grade that your proposal of that proposal that
a clinic to do that thinking about you could your brother you put
I was confused if I was a doctor, I liked it, you can end it here
abuse because the shaman below you rpm him is famous and course zero then the
augusto usa buy from you are from your brother with your uncle of mine who is captain
of the army, right, I’m going to leave the presidency there at the central hospital
army or hf here in rio we insist on yours in the store for free here and
acquire an additional 300 reais the value of the driver's license
good so ideas have to go forward a lot has a reaction has a group
make money on top of that and it's not all that much place you have to move
so moving it will catch you remembering here right you were ready there at the concierge to
that tachographs become mandatory from now on and digital
analog and that expression that happy one is instead of being 22 years old
pass to human being vehicles trucks vans the two million of brazil
$ 1900 multiplier looks almost another quiet take so what
is your new boy who is now the colonel wants if you just talk now one more
military i said i was trained by ime classnobr this resolve this matter is
great to know i wanted to change taxis all over brazil and start with january 40
a thousand taxi drivers the consul is here 300 taxis are right
imagine in Brazil all wanted the button a chip on each fuel pump no
this one will not have will not have clothes I do not know what is all proven that
would have stolen it is difficult to have a completely anti-fraud program but
we solved you business I will put this on the shoulder of the taxpayer
so search for anyone who has ideas I can read 200 comments
each post of mine is not what it is a remedy 15 thousand comments he is
a lot even with a lot of speed can what time do you give early tomorrow at the time i
I don't sleep right, I can for all Vinícius problems, answer me
responds the president goes to sleep is and after old because it is just done
the blood test wasn’t there yesterday until a little infection also after 20
days in the house we get another lung problem it's cold
and I confess that this was a very good virtual visit I don’t want to go for the love
of god but i'm not in love with cold you saw a problem four day from the river
big south but even a little later after vera this is it
captain captain get into politics and the concession early next year is going to
receive important investment allegation of runway construction of the new terminal
new passengers part implantation of safety area of ​​the south block with
certainty should have a major airport operator has not assumed
bagé airport thank you very much for returning there on delivery plus 8 km from br 116 rio
big south and and I think I’ll also inaugurate a
toxic class military class also there in bagé
hi let's have lunch where i cut a [ __ ] cavalry regiment by
artillery I understand it was put [ __ ] thanks until tomorrow